scariest moment of my life
the NARC dog starts following my car
we get up to the border agent and he
sees the nard dog pawing at my trunk
with a frenzy who sent to secondary
inspection where we are greeted by no
less than ten border agents who all
start tearing up my car my new at this
point I'm freaking out images from that
mucho homoerotic OHS show on HBO Oz
start popping into my head leave my
house alone
I'll give you cigarettes just be still
make me your bitch then the dog jumped
into my car and finds what he's been
going apeshit over
like a Mexican beef jerky
the border agents they look at each
other and stop what they're doing
these dogs are trained better
then they'll walk away
Dex
two stars for giving me an insane
adrenaline rush which led to some
inappropriateness in the Alisa Creek
rest area
you